So, we have game state.

This consists of:

     INFO     (enums)
active player
active turn
active phase
active step
	ZONES (ordered and unordered) (lists for consistency, even if we don't care about order)
battlefield
libraries
graveyards
commander zone
suspended zone
exiled zones (linked to the effects that generate them?  at least implicitly)
hand
The Stack
mana pool
	OBJECTS
cards
spells
permanents
static effects
ability triggers
choices/responses (we need optional selections, mandatory selections, random selections, all from arbitrary sources, with constraints on what may be selected).


	Game: A list of players, 
	Turn: A list of phases, an index into that list, and an active player.
	Phase: A list of steps, an index into that list,
    Step: A stack of activated abilities, triggered abilities, and/or spells (each of which may target things in the stack, or somewhere else, based on constraints for those effects)
	       a series of constraints on what actions can be placed on the stack (who has priority, etc)
untap,
upkeep,
draw,
precombat main phase,
combat (begin, declare attackers, declare blockers, first strike damage, damage, end),
postcombat main phase,
end step (discard to hand size, cleanup damage)


Card: name, type, subtype, cost, constraints, color, color identity, text, owner, location

Spell:        Child of Card.
              original/copy, (ordered list of targets), controller, effects?

Permanents:   Child of Card.
              controller, time-counters, fading counters, static abilities, activated abilities, triggered abilities, tap-status, ordered list of targets
            
Creature:     Child of Permanent,
	          power, toughness, +1/+1 counters, -1/-1 counters, damage, summoning sickness, (blockers, attackers?  Could go here, or be kept track of in relevent combat steps)
          
Land:         Child of Permanent,

Enchantment:  Child of Permanent,

Artifact:     Child of Permanent,

Planeswalker: Child of Permanent,
	    


Issues to keep in mind:

Technically, creatures, enchantments, and artifacts are also spells, but lands are not.
Creature tokens and other copies (i.e. mimeofactured lands/auras) will need to point to dummy objects.
We will not be supporting cards like Falling Star (which is banned in all applicable formats anyway), because I do not feel like simulating physics.


